Feature/professional-readme-and-docs (#21)
a11yphant/a11yphant: Readme.md

<img src="services/site/public/images/a11yphant_Logo_Signet.png" height="138">

# [a11yphant.com](https://a11yphant.com)

The easy way to learn web accessibility

[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Twitter-7331FF)](https://twitter.com/a11yphant)
[![ProductHunt](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ProductHunt-7331FF)](https://www.producthunt.com/products/a11yphant)
![Open Source Project](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Open%20Source%20Project-121212)
![Launched 2022](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Launched%202022-121212)

<hr style="color:white; height:1.5px; width:100%;"/>

## Table of Contents

- [About a11yphant](#about-a11yphant)
- [Meet the Team](#meet-the-team)
- [Contributing to a11yphant](#contributing-to-a11yphant)

>   - [Documentation](https://github.com/a11yphant/a11yphant/blob/develop/documentation.md)

Reviewer: Why not just

```suggestion
  - [Documentation](documentation.md)
```

? Doesn't that work on Github?

    Thomas Dax
  </a>
  and
  <a href="https://github.com/hntrhfr" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">
    Michael Hinterhofer</a>.
  <span className="font-medium">Interface and Corporate Design</span> by
  <a href="https://johannawicht.com/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">
    Johanna Wicht
  </a>
  and
  <a href="https://www.fabianhellerdesign.com/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">
    Fabian Heller</a>.
</p>

## Contributing to a11yphant

Looking to contribute something to a11yphant? **Here's how you can help.**

We decided to continue a11yphant as Open Source project. Our goal is to make the web a more accessible and inclusive place. We do not want to make profit. All money we might receive through sponsorships goes directly into developing a11yphant further.

### Read the Documentation

Everything you need to know to setup the project locally can be found in our [documentation](https://github.com/a11yphant/a11yphant/blob/develop/documentation.md). Please follow our [coding conventions](https://github.com/a11yphant/a11yphant/blob/develop/documentation.md/#coding-conventions).

### Reporting Bugs and Issues

> If you think you've found a bug or accessibility issue, please feel free to contact us. Before opening a new GitHub issue, please answer this checklist for yourself:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you think you've found a bug or accessibility issue, feel free to open an issue here on GitHub. Before opening a new issue, please answer this checklist for yourself:
```

> 1. I ensured that the problem is not just caused by a simple error in my own console

Reviewer: What exactly does this mean? Can you elaborate?

Author: That maybe it is an error only on the client side caused by a browser plugin or smth else, that is only happening for this one person and can be solved with a reload or restart, kind of.

Reviewer: Then I would specify this further, for example:

```suggestion
1. I ensured that the problem is not caused by my local environment (e.g., a browser plugin, a really old browser version or unusual browser settings)
```

2. I checked that no GitHub issue was already filed for this bug

If you answered everything with yes, go ahead and [create a new GitHub issue](https://github.com/a11yphant/a11yphant/issues/new/choose). Be sure to include as much information as possible so we can reproduce the bug.

### Feature Requests

Feature requests are very welcome. But take a moment to find out whether your idea fits with the scope and aims of the project. It's up to you to make a strong case to convince us of this feature. Please provide as much detail and context as possible.

> As we are only a small team of developers and designers, you are invited to contribute by creating a pull request. Please keep in mind to follow our [coding conventions](https://github.com/a11yphant/a11yphant/blob/develop/documentation.md/#coding-conventions). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we are only a small team of developers and designers, you are invited to contribute by creating a pull request. Please discuss your proposed changes with us before starting implementation. Otherwise, they might collide with our plans. Also, remember to follow our [coding conventions](https://github.com/a11yphant/a11yphant/blob/develop/documentation.md/#coding-conventions). 
```

#### Create a Pull Request

The best way to create your pull request is:

> 1. Please contact us first, as we are might already working on your idea in the background

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Please contact us first via a GitHub issue to avoid collisions of your ideas with our plans and vision.
```

2. Fork the project & clone your fork.
```bash
# Clone your fork of the repo into the current directory
git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/a11yphant.git
```

3. Configure the remotes by adding an upstream to the original repository.
```bash
# Navigate to the newly cloned directory
cd a11yphant
# Assign the original repo to a remote called "upstream"
git remote add upstream https://github.com/a11yphant/a11yphant.git
```

4. If you cloned a while ago, please make sure your branch is up-to-date by pulling.
```bash
git checkout master

> git pull upstream master

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git checkout develop
git pull upstream develop
```

```

5. Create a new branch for your feature (or bugfix) off the development branch.
> **Please note:** `<type>` describes the kind of change this branch is providing. Allowed types are `feature`, `bugfix` and `renovate`.
```bash
git checkout -b <type>/<short-description-of-task>
```

> 6. Commit your changes in logical chunks. Please look into our [git commit message guidelines](https://github.com/a11yphant/a11yphant/blob/develop/documentation.md/#commit-messages) listed in our documentation. If you don't follow these guidelines your code is unlikely to be merged into the main project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Commit your changes in logical chunks. Please look into our [git commit message guidelines](https://github.com/a11yphant/a11yphant/blob/develop/documentation.md/#commit-messages) listed in our documentation. If you don't follow these guidelines, your code is unlikely to be merged into the main project.
```

> **Note:** Don't forget to write tests for your feature. A pull request will only be accepted if it also has tests.

> 7. Locally merge (or rebase) the upstream development branch into the branch created for your topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Locally merge (or rebase) the upstream development branch into your branch.
```

```bash

> git pull [--rebase] upstream master

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git pull [--rebase] upstream develop
```

```

> 8. Push your branch up to your fork.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Push your branch to your fork.
```

```bash
git push origin <type>/<short-description-of-task>
```

> 9. Open a Pull Request with a clear title and description against the `master` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Open a Pull Request with a clear title and description against the `develop` branch.
```
